docs: fix stale refs, prune low-signal content, add missing coverage (#576)
linuxfoundation/lfx-v2-pcc-ui: docs/architecture/testing/e2e-testing.md

| `mobile-chrome` | Pixel 5 (touch) | 1                  | Single worker to avoid resource contention.      |

Parallelism is on by default (`fullyParallel: true`). CI caps workers to 1 and enables 2 retries.

## Authentication

Auth0 login runs once in `e2e/helpers/global-setup.ts` before any specs execute, and the resulting cookies/storage are persisted to `playwright/.auth/user.json`. Every project in `playwright.config.ts` loads that `storageState`, so individual specs land on routes already authenticated:

```typescript
// e2e/helpers/global-setup.ts (shape)
async function globalSetup(config: FullConfig) {
  const browser = await chromium.launch();
  const context = await browser.newContext();
  const page = await context.newPage();
  try {
    await page.goto(`${baseURL}/logout`);
    await AuthHelper.loginWithAuth0(page, TEST_CREDENTIALS);
    await context.storageState({ path: 'playwright/.auth/user.json' });
  } finally {
    await browser.close();
  }
}
```

Specs rely on this by checking they didn't get bounced back to Auth0:

```typescript
await page.goto('/badges', { waitUntil: 'domcontentloaded' });
await expect(page).not.toHaveURL(/auth0\.com/);
```

> Required env vars (loaded by `playwright.config.ts` via `dotenv`): `TEST_USERNAME`, `TEST_PASSWORD`.

Reviewer: 🔵 **Minor** — Env-var attribution incomplete.

The env vars are read from two places, not one: `playwright.config.ts` loads `.env`, and `e2e/helpers/global-setup.ts` separately reads `process.env.TEST_USERNAME` / `TEST_PASSWORD`. Same point [CodeRabbit raised at #3134538027](https://github.com/linuxfoundation/lfx-v2-ui/pull/576#discussion_r3134538027).

```suggestion
Required env vars (loaded from `.env` for both `playwright.config.ts` and `e2e/helpers/global-setup.ts`): `TEST_USERNAME`, `TEST_PASSWORD`.
```

Author: Done — the line now reads "loaded from `.env` by both `playwright.config.ts` via dotenv and `e2e/helpers/global-setup.ts` via `process.env`". Attributes both loaders. See commit 8ef00a1b.
